And I'm on the impact research and data team where I build assessments. And one of our flagship assessments is called help. And it's a formative assessment for kids of the age group 0 to 3. So it's for the earliest learners. Um, and it's sort of an ongoing assessment and it's very naturalistic. So like the teacher just looks and assesses kids in their everyday, daily routines because you can't really test a kid under the age of three. Um, and it's meant to, you meant to constantly do it in an ongoing way where you notice the skills that the child is demonstrating. And is a repository of over 700 plus skills. in this assessment, which are age bound. So if a child is 6 months, they might have only like 70 skills that are relevant to them, not the 700 skills, go through that list and then identify what skills are showing up and then constantly keep, um, um, assessing them. And the crediting or the scoring scheme is slightly different and unique. It's not sort of a binary, um, or it's not a linear scale of 0 to 6, for example, usually a suspects have a number, does show it, and it is a clear sort of way to calculate that. But in our case, it's a there's a plus for present. There's a plus plus minus for emerging. is a minus for not present, and then there are also, which is a little bit more of a binary scale, but there's also additional things like atypical development is a child developing atypically, and then that's an ace for that you add on. And then you sometimes can also circle a credit or a circular score if you want to go and talk to the family. members of the child about that particular skill development it further. So, it's a little bit more nuanced here and so, and as part of a reliability study, yes, doing an interrator, interuse, or a reliability study earlier this year. And as part of it, I created like a very basic demo of an AI use case, which can could where I uploaded videos. shot 3 to 5 minute minute videos of kids out of the study, and then also demographic details. Age of the child, whether the child has a disability or an I SP, which is like, an end of a rice plan, which means they need a little bit more help or support. Um, and then, and then I shed all of the help, um, content resources and materials, skills, what they need, the, the, we have a very, like, robust manual. and then create a prompt for it to just kind of identify or do auto detection of skills, provide a score for that skill, and then also say at what the AI confidence level was. So I'm scared of 0 to one, how confident are you? And this was done using just a simple Gemini gem and creating a pretty in-depth prompt as well as uploading resources that are like our source materials to it. And I'm thinking, and I did like an AI human reliability testing and it was not great. The AI human, I would say 50% is the whereat, but some places, even some videos, even lower. Um, uh, and that has to do with the fact that they ate, 1st of all, I'm not a AI, ML engineer at all, and I was just learning as I go by coding and by developing prompt and learning as I went. Um, and there's just a lot of information I was sharing in the back end that maybe it was just taking too much time to understand all of it because it was identifying all the skills that put a plus, which is present, but none of the girls showed up. And like I said, it's a complicated assessment. It's not, um, and so I want to improve the back end, um, make this a more manual, automated process, um, make this big enough that it can allow multiple videos and, you know, it doesn't, I had to do video by video. I tried creating sort of, sort of like a more automated route by like coding. Yeah, Python, It was just a lot, lot more effort and then the source materials were really large. So I couldn't get the right phone. And then all of that. So basically that's the focus and that's the goal of this, um, I would say 2 month exercise is to create like an MVP off a platform, which can, one, provide very reliable as reliable scoring as possible of ideas. And it's like easy to just batch upload videos and see and arrive at output. So the outputs that came for me was a CSV file, which listed out the raw data. And then, and then what I asked for it was also creating a done MD file, which can offer a survey that I could then ask as part of my study. But I don't need that. My goal eventually is for this to be sort of a support for educators. We have a internal platform for the store already. So, But there's just so many skills to look at for an educator, I really think about this huge range of skills when they assess. So, this can be sort of, you know, when they, it's gonna be something they do after school, where they're brought a video and then it says, hey, did you notice these set of skills that I noticed existed as a present? Or these skills might be a typically developing. Just suggestions, and options that then the educator can then take and use as they wish. So, um, so a human judgment and clinical judgment necessary system and tool, but I want to make this an easier process for engineers. Sorry, that's it. All right. So basically it's a tool, like the target user is like researchers slash allocators. Yeah, educators primarily. Okay, and you mentioned that you have like currently like a score around 50% if I got that correct? Yeah. Yeah. Like, do you, like, you mentioned, do you have like a grand data suit or? Yeah. So we have about 40 videos and data set from the 1st round of analysis, both from humans. I experts as well as AI. Um, that's what we, uh, is our source document, like a data to burn off of. Um, I've only gotten, Um, the videos, I don't have permission for all of the videos to be used for training and modeling and I'm working on those permissions right now. Maybe I can get about 10. to 15 videos, which is a smaller sample. But like I said, the goal is to then get to a version that they can use maybe to pilot or test it in our centers this year. And then learn from it and train and build on it. But I think even the videos that I have are pretty solid to be used in, um, Yeah. Okay, all right. Well, we could also like explore like maybe even generating, I'm not sure if that's like something that you could consider like generating like AI videos that might resemble like real videos. Yeah. like train the system. And, well, and you also mentioned like you would like to have like a humor in the loop dashboard so you can like match everything. All right. So, yeah, I, the reliabilities course, I don't want this to be the part of the dashboard. I really like the, that you put something really quickly and that feels like an internal dashboard, right? for me to see how we, how are we doing, how are, and maybe there's a portion of it that's internal that only like the administrators, so people were setting it up, can see. But the goal of this system is that an educator can and also the system should be easily maybe embedded into our existing system. So right now I want to build it separately, but the interoperability is important that they can just the back end can easily embedded into our internal sort of assessment system. Yeah, we can definitely, I feel like you already like achieved much with the current system that you got, so we can definitely like build on top of that. And just integrated, as you mentioned, like we could have like the adaptor for the educators and maybe like small for like the admin side of things, right? So... Well, I and I... Yeah, well, go ahead, sorry. No, no, no, I just, you go ahead. Yeah, you mentioned that you would like to like achieve a score of 90%? Italy, but I also know that sometimes that can be hard and by working. I was just talking to someone who's like an expert in this tool and this assessment and we know that We are sometimes okay with 2 different people choosing different scores because of little, it's a little subjective. Anything about 75%, I would be very happy. 80% would be really ideal. I need a 90s ideal. But even 50%, I think it's a very small sample of videos that they got to this. And I want to do run another round of analysis on it, just think, just even like confirm if we're 50%. Because it really depends on the methodology we use, right? Because On on like the Cohen's kappa pentox, uh, alpha, it did not mean 50%. But person take agreement, it met 20%. So ideal status in using the reliability metrics, we're able to build it, to bring it to a high score. Another thing is, because it's sort of binary, like, plus or minus. A lot of people are, the AI tool is detecting skills, but it's assigning a plus where the expert is saying, no, it's actually emerging. It's not present. And that's, that's, makes it unreliable from a quantitative standpoint. But it's close enough. So it's about really improving the tool to make and then retesting the same videos to get to get to better. Like if it really understands what an emerging means, then maybe the reliabilities can be pretty significantly improved. for example. All right. Yeah, and do you have like a metric or like the framework that you're using, like the score entrance? Well, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, if you could send me those, I could like try to see like do some tests and try to see where it could be like having the most issues and I'll see what you do. When you say paperbook, you mean just like the scoring rug, right? Yeah, like this Korean just to like try some things and see how it goes. And well, let me see, my notes. Yeah, you also mentioned that, like, the system should be able to process, like, batches or multiple videos at the time. Do you know like the how like the current stack technology stack that you use for this or you mentioned you vibe coded? Okay. Yes, I have coded, but also I just used a jam. It's just prompt based, and I can give you my very detailed prompt that I used on Gemini. So it's less a lot more manual independent was involved in coding because I did one video at a time and I'd lose the same sort of gem Gemini prompt. for each of the videos. It's a pretty detailed prompt, so I can share the back end of what that looks like, and you can collaborate with you on that gen, if you, you know, if we continue to work together as a starting point on how to build off of, um, I have, um, I mean, what, you saw the proposal, right? Do you have anything that you will change and how you approach this? Project? You have a specific approach you would take? Well, like the main thing I feel like is like actually even like the highest score, right? So I feel like like we could start like by focusing on that 1st and then like building out like the dashboard and all of those secondary things. So we could have like the 1st pipeline and focus entirely on achieving a high score. And we could, we can do that like more orderly, like have like experiments and another, there are different techniques like for iterative prompting and some, like we could use to have like more systematic approach and so we know where the weak areas, where it's having troubles. or trouble identifying or maybe miss miss classifying certain skills and things like that. So, uh, that I think would be like my approach and that way we have like a, uh, more idea of the type of score you can achieve, and then we focus on like the secondary things, like the, the dashboard, like the human in the loop system. So maybe you can, so that way we can set up a system that maybe it's easy to, uh, to, that has like a feedback clue and it starts improving. And with time and based on like your users and and, and all the data and feedback you get from there. So yeah, that would be basically how I wouldn't approach it. I also send you like the quick prototype, as you mentioned, is like for like the admin side of things. But we can like work that, let do whatever, it feels like useful for you. And yeah, I don't know, you mentioned, I think you wanted to start at a specific date or I'm also available to, like, if you feel like starting before, but I think you mentioned, like, June 13 or something, no? Um, yeah, so let me see. Actually, this is a very interesting. I don't know how you learn so much about the about this assessment through this prototype. It's, I mean, there's a lot of, uh, How did you, like these skills, where did you get these skills from? in your prototype. Man, just like the research on protein and so on, and I kind of get like the, what understood what the, the prague is about. I'm really interesting. I have a daughter, so yeah, I... Got it. I was wondering if you've done education and assessment projects before because it was very interesting. Yeah, I, well, I created that, I work for a company, a tech company that specializes in like creating min courses for education and so on, and we just create a platform. We generate the, like, an entire video course with AI, like, we generate the video, the text speech, and the script and so on. So yeah, I kind of have like some experience in the technology and education side. So, and that's really helpful, that lunch is helpful to this work because it's the back can is a little bit more. You, you know, it should be interested in what it is because it's, um, it's nuanced, especially with young children. It's assessment for young children is a very, very balanced place to be. Yeah. But mainly, I would like try to like work, you mentioned like the, I'm assuming that you are the main expert, right? Yeah, I'm the subject bad expert and I might bring in another person where necessary, especially in the expert scoring portions. I would not say I'm the expert scorer, but we have someone who's a trainer on this tool who we are considered an expert scorer who can, it's a video, most of the video she's already done, the scoring that can be used as belt. That's what was used as benchmark in the initial reliabilities. But if they're introducing new videos, et cetera, to involve her as a one, and then she'll also see the scoring that's coming up and then see if that makes sense, et cetera. Because, um, As we keep in finding, the reliability portion. Um, I had one more question. So the 1st 2 weeks, say June 13th, we want to start. I think, let me look at the exact timeline that I put in the scope of work. So, I want to, in terms of my timelines, I want, I need to finalize a contractor by tomorrow and a day, and then have them say, okay, or not, and then draft up a simple, simple like contract, they can draft up, draft up a simple contract by Friday. So we're working against very tight timelines and it was like a new project that was introduced. So I've done doing some interviews today, back to back, and I want to make a decision tomorrow of who I move forward with. And once I let that know, it'll be great for you if, say, I reach out to you to, like, let me know by end of day tomorrow, by latest, by early Friday, so I can just dig in drawing up the contract on my end internally because we have to do something for pailance. And the kickoff would happen in 2nd week of June, like I said, and next week I have to do a little bit of setup and get permissions, et cetera, especially for the use of videos. And from then on, it would probably be, I would say, I would say like, yeah. 10th, June 10th, 11th, we start and go on July 21st. It's a very hard deadline of July 31st, the final delivery and handout, but the milestones to get there, that those are all suggested milestones and should be worked together, we can define what that looks like more specifically. The cost is the maximum, and I saw that you came in a little below maximum. So I appreciate that. And that's, like I said, we can't budget about the cost, but you came in to know. And then they can define what the specific restaurants look like in the period of early 2nd week of June to Jabad the day first. So it's probably a 6 to 7 week timeline and it's fast-paced. And but I will be here as an expert along the way to answer any questions, have check-ins, but through whatever's coming up through this process. And my goal is to get at least 15 videos signed up that we can use. Um, for our training, purposes. Yeah, okay, sounds good, I guess we like, I feel like we should focus a lot on like on your expertise and see how all your knowledge on the topic we can use to improve the bram and the system. And also, like, as you mentioned that you're going to try to get the data set, and you can also explore our alternatives if you are to try to increase the number of data, the amount of data, or even if you are not able to get all the videos, we could try to explore other alternatives. And yeah, if you could send me like the rubric, like the that you are using or the prom or anything, or you could send, I could get started and try to start the finding some propose, to propose to some milestus and and more details on how I would propose to approach the portrait. Okay, I can send you a talk group right by the end of day today, and then, um, if you can share any little more, more established milestones by tomorrow, that can also help me make some decisions by like mid day and day tomorrow and who I go forward. Like basically my end of day tomorrow, I need to make this decision and then I need to just get approval by Friday from the contractor as well as our financing to get started. All right, well, sounds good. Thank you for working again. At least even in the initial stage, they places, but also eventually working with a pastyline. Yeah, no, no problem. It's a really exciting break, so. And well, That's great. I don't glad. And, well, nice to meet you, and let's keep in contact. So if you have any questions and so on, let me know. I will also send you any information or questions that I might do better. Yeah, if any questions come up just from this conversation, please just message me on up work and, um, if I have any questions, I'll bring up, bring it up as well. Just gonna checking if I asked all the questions that put up my mind. And would you be doing this work? Are you working independently or do you work with any agency? Yeah, I'm independent, so. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And if you've done any kind of assessment, will your work device see that in the application? I just looking for any type of assessment work? Or any, like, did you... I mean, you've just sent sent that out for the type. Sorry. That is almost helpful. But yeah, I'll keep I'll reach out with any questions if it comes up as I go through yours, go through your materials. Thank you. All right, thank you. Nice to meet you. Thanks for connecting. You too. Bye.